Welcome back in this video we're going to introduce the assignment.
You'll be working on which is to refactor some S-5 code into 2015.
We're going to be using everything we've learned in the previous section to examine the code base and
include some E.S. 2015 features that we have seen.
If you're not familiar with the term refactoring it means restructuring existing code without changing
its external behavior.
If we've refactored correctly our application should do exactly what it was doing before but our code
should be more readable and understandable.
Now that we have an idea of what will be doing let's take a look at the application will refactor.
Here we have a game called Guess the password which gives a list of potential passwords and we have
to try to guess the correct one if we're wrong.
We'll see how many letters in our guests are in the correct password.
So let's get started.
Here we see quite a few words and we have to figure out which one is the password.
So let's try one you'll see here we have a certain amount of letters that the password contains.
So let's keep guessing until we find the correct one.
If we get it right we can play again.
You'll see here but we're starting with 10 words and four guesses.
Feel free to try out the game a couple of times before looking at the code.
And when you're ready there's a link to the get hub repository.
If you'd like to see the code.
And there's also a zip file included in the section notes so you can get up and running right away.
All you need to do is open the index that HD and all file in the next video will walk through the code
and see where we can refactor to use yes 2015.
See there.